[Introduction]

1. Creating an Azion Domain
2. Testing your edge application locally
3. Deploying your application to preview
4. Securing your application with a Digital Certificate
5. Going to production
6. Pointing your traffic to Azion

---

## x. Creating an Azion Domain

In order to deploy your application to the web, first you'll need a **Domain**. When you create a domain with Azion, you'll receive an address that can be used by anyone to access your application using a browser.

The Azion address for your domain will be in the format `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net`. You cannot customize the Azion address, but if you already have a custom domain acquired from a DNS provider or a hosting service, you can transfer your traffic to Azion.

> Learn more about how to point your domain to Azion in section [6. Going to production](#).

To create a new domain, you must access [Real-Time Manager] and navigate to the **Products menu** > **Domains**.

[print] 

The next screen is the **Domains** area, which is where you'll see the list of domains you've created. 

To create your first domain, click the **Add Domain** button.

[print]

Now it's time to fill in the necessary information. See the table below for what you need to customize.

[print]
| Field | Name | Description |
| 1 | Domain name | Give your domain an easy to remember name. |
| 2 | Edge certificate | You can select a digital certificate for your domain. <br><br>For now, you may keep this option as Azion SAN. |
| 3 | CNAME | This is where you'll list the common names of the custom domains of your application. <br><br>You do not need to fill in this field if you intend to use only your Azion domain. |
| 4 | Edge Application |  |

When you click the **Save** button, you'll be redirected back to the domain list screen. Now, you'll be able to see the address of your application under the **Domain** column.

## x. Testing your edge application locally

While you have a domain for your edge application up in the web, you may wish to test your application in your device to avoid propagation delays or publishing changes that are not ready.

You can perform local tests with your application by changing your `localhost` settings. Localhost is a host domain present in all operating systems (OS), but exclusive to each device. This means that if you share your `https://localhost` address, anyone who accesses it will see their own localhost.

[explanation]

[etc/hosts windows - path and command line]

[explanation]

[etc/hosts mac/linux - path and command line]

To find out the IP of your edge application, you can use the ping command.

[ping/nslookup command]

[Example]

...
...
...

## x. Securing your application with a Digital Certificate

[print]
[table - edit from SAN to LE? custom certificate?]

[openSSL command to check certificate]

## x. Going to production

[print]
[table - change cname to customize domain/turn off cname access only]

## x. Pointing your traffic to Azion {#pointing-traffic}

Now that your domain is in production, the next step is to associate your application to a custom domain. To do that, you must configure your DNS provider and associate the address of your custom domain to the `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` address.

To point your custom domain to Azion, you must *access your DNS provider*, such as Amazon, GoDaddy or Hostinger.

Once you get to your DNS provider's website, you need to access the DNS records management area. It will contain every entry associated with your domain. Most DNS providers support the entries detailed in [this table](link_idns_table).

[example print?]

Now, you need to create or edit the `www` CNAME record of your domain by filling out the information:

| Name | Value | Type |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `www.yourdomain.org` | `xxxxxxxxxx.map.azionedge.net` | CNAME |

> Don't forget to save your settings.

Note that there might be a delay in propagation time when you access your application. If that's the case, you can run the ping or nslookup commands in your terminal to check the DNS records. 

[The DIG command]({% tl documentation_how_to_troubleshoot_dig %}) is an alternative way to check whether your domain points to the Azion address.

A second option is to use Azion Intelligent DNS to direct the DNS resolution to Azion's authoritative nameservers. This allows you to use Intelligent DNS to manage your own DNS records without having to access your DNS provider. Find out more in the [Intelligent DNS](link_idns) documentation.