# Domains

Now that you have an edge application set up, it's time to redirect your traffic from your domain to the edge. In this journey, you will find out how to setting up and connecting your newly created application to domains and traffic metrics.

> If you don't have an edge application, follow the [Getting started]() to create your first edge application.

## Creating and configuring your domain

There are two ways to redirect traffic to your domain: by creating an Azion domain or by creating a DNS zone in **Intelligent DNS**.

> Link to guide/doc (IDNS).

### Boilerplate originless application??

...


## Adding an SSL certificate

> If your application only uses the HTTP protocol, you are not required to use an SSL certificate. Your Azion domain can be registered as a Subject Alternate Name (SAN) with Azion.

Applications that use the HTTPS protocol require the use of an SSL certificate. Certificates can be acquired from a Certification Authority (CA). You can add an RSA 2048 certificate to Azion and associate it with a domain. 


1. Have an SSL certificate
2. RTM
3. Digital Certificates
4. Add Digital Certificate
5. Paste certificate and private key
6. Save
7. Domains
8. Change domain certificate
9. Save

#### Let's Encrypt

When creating an Azion domain, You can also request the generation of a Let's Encrypt certificate.

> Link to guide.

### Adding an Azion domain

To see your edge application in the web, you need to associate it with a domain. To do that, you must access the **Domain** area in Real-Time Manager.

(RTM image)

This is where you see your list of domains. Click the **Add Domain** button to create your first domain.

Fill out the required fields as follows:

### Name

### Digital Certificate

### CNAMEs

(From getting started, keep table Required fields to add a certificate on Domains)

## Managing DNS records

You have an URL for your application, but you cannot customize your Azion address. To do that, you will need to purchase a domain record in a DNS provider.

1. DNS provider
2. Records
3. RTM
4. Copy xxx.map.azion
5. Add new CNAME record
6. Paste
7. Save

Table of values
Name yourdomain.com
Value xxx.map.azion
Type CNAME

> You can use the [dig command]() to query the DNS and check where `yourdomain.com` points to in DNS servers.

Show commands?
